Father scolded me last time
Tell me you're Jagged General
A man who values dignity more than life
I just realized I was wrong
I don't care
Are you stupid?
I am the princess of the Great Dragon Kingdom
My wealth and beauty are beyond compare
Are you going?
You can't be with anyone else if you're not with me
Let's go
Mom
They didn't do anything to you, did they?
Yo what do you say
People treat me better than you treat me
Son, why didn't you tell mom that you have a daughter-in-law?
I don't have a wife
Is it that girl just now?
This guy is so beautiful
Like a lucky guy
I don't know her
She told me.
You two had a fight, didn't you?
Son, you are a man, so be generous.
Are you ready?
I'm back to work at the company.
I love this girl
You, stop being so late
The mother of the girl should find a good day early
Mom still wants to hold her grandson. Go
Hello
What!